Brother Yi, do you make snow-capped mountains?
He has nothing to do with snow-capped mountains
Hello
My name is Li Yi
You will be my secretary from now on.
Hello Mr. Li
My name is Wang Xuemei
I want to ask about that.
You haven't even interviewed yet
Why did you choose to make me a secretary?
Because I believe in my own vision.
You go to the finance office to get a month's salary
Buy appropriate clothes
Come report next Monday Yes
Thank you Mr. Li
brother
While we are calculating the Xu family
The Xu family is also trying their best to calculate us again
You know that woman just now
Does the school she graduated from have shares in the Xu family?
You said so many people graduated this year
That alone.
But I'm not sure.
It certainly is.
But
If you add the clothes he's wearing
clothes
What's wrong with the clothes?
There is a famous foreign designer
Only 10 sets of clothes are designed every year
And not duplicate
Xuchang Sheng bought one of them a while ago
It's on this woman.
Are you saying it could be a coincidence?